♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup is too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh
PAW Patrol ♪
[dog barks]
[Ryder] "Pups Save Christmas."
[laughing]
[barks]
These old tennis balls make
great Christmas decorations.
Yup. Don't lose it, reuse it.
Go for it, Chase.
Perfect shot!
[sighs] I love Christmas.
Can't wait for Santa to get here!
He'll be here soon.
Let's finish decorating!
I've got the popcorn.
Ooh!
[sniffing]
Christmas Eve popcorn snack? Yum!
This isn't for eating.
It's for hanging on the tree.
Okay, my eyes will like
popcorn on the tree,
but my tummy would rather eat it.
Using a real live Christmas tree
is a great idea, Rocky.
But it's so tall!
Did we make enough decorations?
Don't worry, Marshall.
I've got some Christmas lights
in my pup house.
I'll get them.
[grunts]
Well, that's as far as I can reach.
How will we hang anything
on those high branches?
I'm on it.
[engine starts]
[beeping]
[barks]
With my ladder.
[grunts]
Here's some lights.
Let's decorate.
-Yeah!
-[howls]
-Let's do it!
♪ Deck the halls
With Christmas treasures ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la ♪
[barking]
♪ Every pup and lab and shepherd ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la ♪
[barking]
♪ All the joy the season brings ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la ♪
[barking]
♪ Join us in our Christmas singing ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la ♪
[barking]
[Ryder] Good job, pups.
The ornaments we made
look great on the tree.
Hmm, something's missing.
-What?
-The star.
We need to put the star on top!
I'll do it! Wings! [barks]
[whirring]
This pup's gotta fly!
[Zuma howls] That's nice!
Way to go, Skye!
That's it, Skye.
[barking]
There, now we know
Santa will find us.
And bring lots of presents.
Yeah! This'll be the best Christmas ever!
[barks]
[all cheering]
[wind blowing]
Can you see him?
Yeah! Can you? Can you?
Hmm…
There's Santa right there.
They're tracking him on radar
as he flies around the world.
Uh-oh. Look at those clouds.
[Ryder] Yeah, that looks
like a really bad blizzard.
[Rubble gasps]
Santa's heading right into it.
And it's heading right towards us.
Look! There's Adventure Bay!
What's Santa going to do?
Don't worry. If anyone can fly
through a bad winter storm, it's Santa.
Did you put out the sugar cookies
and the carrots for the reindeer?
Yeah, but…
I kind of tasted the cookies.
And I kind of helped him taste them.
[Zuma] And then they were all kinda gone.
So we're getting more.
Okay. Then let's all get to sleep
so Santa can come.
[sighs]
If the storm doesn't get here first.
[sniffs]
Mmm, those cookies sure smell good.
[yawns]
[sighs] What a great Christmas Eve.
Okay, pups, bedtime.
You should all be asleep
before Santa gets here.
But we want to stay up
and see Santa.
Yeah, I'm going to stay up all night
so I can meet Santa.
Yeah, me too!
But I don't think you can stay up
and see Santa.
I try every Christmas,
and I always fall asleep before he comes.
We can do it.
Yeah! We'll all do it, together!
[all] Yes!
[all snoring]
Come on, Zuma.
We have to stay awake to meet Santa.
Okay, okay… [snoring]
I guess it's just me. [yawns]
[wind blowing]
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Whoa!
[bells jingling]
Ho, ho-- No! Not the presents!
Ho, ho-- Whoa!
More presents!
Coming in for a bumpy landing! [grunts]
Oh no! The Christmas Star!
Whoa, Cupid! Watch out!
[grunts]
Come back!
Ho, ho, ho.
-Oh no!
-Wait. What happened to Santa?
[phone rings]
Who could that be?
Hello?
Ho, ho, ho! Hello, Ryder.
It's Santa.
Santa? Santa Claus? Calling me?
I seem to have run into a big storm
and a wee bit of trouble.
My sleigh crashed,
I dumped a load of gifts,
and my reindeer are lost.
Worst of all,
I lost the magic Christmas Star.
The magic Christmas Star?
The star has the magic
that makes the sleigh and reindeer fly.
Without it,
I'll never finish delivering my gifts.
Christmas will be ruined.
[gasps]
I need you and the PAW Patrol
to help save Christmas.
Save Christmas? Us?
[chuckles] I was under the impression
there was no job too big,
no pup too small.
You're right, Santa!
The pups and I will do anything
we can to save Christmas!
We'll be right there!
[beeps]
[all snoring]
[beeping]
PAW Patrol to the Lookout!
[yawns]
[grunts]
[both] Wait for us.
[all grunting]
[yawns]
[snoring]
[all laughing]
[upbeat music playing]
[elevator dings]
PAW Patrol ready for… [yawns]
…duty, Ryder, sir.
An emergency tonight?
On Christmas Eve?
It would be too sad to have
the best day of the year ruined.
This might ruin
more than our Christmas, Marshall.
It might ruin everyone's Christmas.
[all gasp]
Santa's sleigh got caught
in the blizzard and crashed.
-Santa crashed?!
-[Ryder] He's fine.
But the presents he brought
for Adventure Bay fell out of the sleigh.
All the presents?
That's really bad.
Even worse, the sleigh lost
it's magic Christmas Star.
[all gasp]
Without it, the reindeer don't have
the Christmas magic they need to fly
and Santa can't deliver his gifts
to all the girls and boys and pups!
Where is Santa?
He's looking for the star,
but he asked the PAW Patrol
if we can help save Christmas.
-[cheering]
-Yeah! Let's do it!
[beeps]
Rubble, I need you and your shovel
to dig the sleigh out the snow.
Rubble on the double!
[beeps]
Rocky, I need your forklift
to help lift Santa's sleigh
and some recycled parts to fix it.
Don't lose it, reuse it!
[beeps]
Skye, Zuma, and Marshall,
I need you to use your helicopter,
hovercraft, and fire truck
to deliver the presents
around Adventure Bay.
[gasps] Yippee!
This pup's gotta fly!
Let's dive in!
I'm fired up!
[beeps]
Chase, I need your megaphone and net
to help round up Santa's reindeer.
Chase is on the case!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[barking and cheering]
♪ PAW Patrol! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol, go, go, go ♪
-[howls]
-[laughs] Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
Whoa!
♪ Chase ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol
Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[sirens blaring]
[upbeat music playing]